Slide 1

Good morning everyone, my name is Nathaniel Welch, and I am here to present my project Ideaius. 

Slide 2

The slide behind me says "Ideaius is a web application to revolutionize the innovation process through collaboration." Translated into every day words means "Ideaius is a website where people can store and collaborate on any idea." This site begins by having users submit their initial Idea in a short simplified format following the advice that the best ideas can fit on the back of a buisness card. Each idea will be given a page to work and expand on. Each page will contain at minimum  the original idea, a wiki and a digital whiteboard. Each idea will have extensive privacy options that lets the idea owner decide who can see the idea, who can work on the idea, and who can reference the idea. (Follows the unix security philosophy.) There will be powerful searching and categorizing tools which will help prevent overlapping ideas and help users with similar philosophies meet. Finally, like many website we will have an exhaustive yet simplistic user profile system to let users know what each other are interested in working on and help connect them.

Slide 3

We want the site to be simplistic in concept, easy to understand, yet be powerful at the same time. Our main goal is so that people who think can store their ideas online and then share those ideas whith other people who think. It's the old quote "two heads is better than one," and the even better quote "great minds think differently." Since we beleive that everyone has a bit of greatness in them, if they all share a little of their greatness with a few ideas, as a community we can make many great things. And we want people to succeed, and we want them to feel secure while they succeed.

Slide 4

If I had given this presentation last week, I could safely say that our website had no true competition. But another site named Bulbstorm recently appeared claiming that they will be offering a similar feature set, but have not yet started beta testing and they seem to more be aiming their product at ...

Slide 5

Validating a web sites usefulness is rather easy due to the wonders of technology. Statistics programs like google analytics track everything about users who visit sites, from how long they stay to which pages they like the most. The more users who stay longer, the higher value our site is. Also this is where I need o repeat the value of the internet. Lots of people are on the internet, and they all have different ideas. If we put these people together we can help them realize their ideas and many others.

Slide 6

If all goes as planned we should be able to have a site up and runing ready to accept beta the middle of December with a public release of the site in March right before SxSW or Web2.0 Expo. We will have two options intially, free and $15. The free option will allow full services but limit the quantity of ideas they can access. This buisness plan was inspired by Flickr, who is a photo sharing site online. By the Summer of 2009, I hope that we can start ofering a buisness option that allows buisnesses to liscense a private version of the site to allow for internal idea building. To reach these goals we need three things, the internet, a server, and developers. 

Slide 7

Our current group, whom I have name DevCloud Incorporated, consists of myself, my friend Prentice, and an acquaintence Stacey. To meet my previously projected deadlines, we will need two more developers. To actually make our project appeasing to the eyes, a graphic designer will be required. A lawyer and someone to help us with the buisness sides of things will also be needed eventually. These two will be needed mainly because lets be honest, I'm a technical person, and I really do not know how to run a company. But with some help, I do not doubt that I could pick it up. The other resource we will need is a server. As time passes and the number of users increases we will need more servers.

Slide 8 - The Market



Slide 9



Slide 10



Slide 11



Slide 12



Slide 13

Thank You for listening. Questions?

